README.md, before:

## Igor Konnov

Principal scientist at [Informal Systems](https://informal.systems)

You can always reach me by writing a message on `igor.konnov` at `gmail.com`

![a photo](/img/igor-konnov17.png)

*The meta-site of my academic sites, permanently under construction*

### Previous academic web pages:

 * [Inria Nancy -- Veridis Team](https://team.inria.fr/veridis/konnov/)
 * [TU Wien -- Forsyte](https://forsyte.at/people/konnov/)
 * [Moscow State University -- LVK](https://lvk.cs.msu.su/~konnov)

### Active open source projects

 * [APALACHE](https://github.com/konnov/apalache): symbolic model checker for TLA+
 * [ByMC](https://github.com/konnov/bymc): parameterized model checker for threshold-guarded fault-tolerant distributed algorithms

### Slides and Online Talks

- [How TLA+ and Apalache Helped Us to Design the Tendermint Light Client](https://www.crowdcast.io/e/interchain-conversations-II/38).
    Interchain Conversations 2020 (December 2020).

- [Model-based testing with TLA+ and Apalache](https://youtu.be/aveoIMphzW8), with Andrey Kupriyanov.
  TLA+ Community Event 2020 (October 2020).

- [Type inference for TLA+ in Apalache](https://youtu.be/hnp25hmCMN8), with Jure Kukovec.
  TLA+ Community Event 2020 (October 2020).

- [Formal Spec and Model Checking of the Tendermint Blockchain Synchronization Protocol](https://youtu.be/h2Ovc1KWlXM)
  2nd Workshop on Formal Methods for Blockchains (July 2020).

 * Tutorial at DISCOTEC/FORTE 2020,
    [pdfs + video](https://www.discotec.org/2020/tutorials#parameterized-verification-with-byzantine-model-checker)

 * Tutorial at VMCAI Winter School 2020, [pdf](./talks/konnov-vmcai20-school.pdf)

### Conferences

 * Co-Chair of [CONCUR 2020](https://concur2020.forsyte.at/) with
 [Laura Kovacs](https://informatics.tuwien.ac.at/people/laura-kovacs)

### Publications

 * See my publications at [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6629-3377),
    [dblp](https://dblp.org/pers/hd/k/Konnov_0001:Igor),
    [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.at/citations?user=K6OSiNYAAAAJ&hl=en),
    or [Veridis page](https://team.inria.fr/veridis/konnov/papers/) 
 * [Habilitation thesis](./doc/konnov-habil19.pdf) submitted to
    the [Faculty of Inforfmatics](https://informatics.tuwien.ac.at/)
    of [TU Wien](https://tuwien.at) in 2018,
    defended in October 2019.

### PhD students

 * [Jure Kukovec](https://forsyte.at/people/kukovec/)
 * [Thanh-Hai Tran](https://forsyte.at/people/tran/)

### Alumni

 * [Dr. Marijana Lazić](https://www7.in.tum.de/~lazic/)
 
### Academic and non-academic profiles:

 * [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6629-3377)
 * [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.at/citations?user=K6OSiNYAAAAJ&hl=en)
 * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/igor-konnov-7683241/)
 * [DBLP](https://dblp.org/pers/hd/k/Konnov_0001:Igor)
 * [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Igor_Konnov2)

### CV

[Curriculum Vitae](/doc/konnov-cv.pdf), December 2020

Commit message:

link the talk at the TLA+ tutorial

README.md, after:

## Igor Konnov

Principal scientist at [Informal Systems](https://informal.systems)

You can always reach me by writing a message on `igor.konnov` at `gmail.com`

![a photo](/img/igor-konnov17.png)

*The meta-site of my academic sites, permanently under construction*

### Previous academic web pages:

 * [Inria Nancy -- Veridis Team](https://team.inria.fr/veridis/konnov/)
 * [TU Wien -- Forsyte](https://forsyte.at/people/konnov/)
 * [Moscow State University -- LVK](https://lvk.cs.msu.su/~konnov)

### Active open source projects

 * [APALACHE](https://github.com/konnov/apalache): symbolic model checker for TLA+
 * [ByMC](https://github.com/konnov/bymc): parameterized model checker for threshold-guarded fault-tolerant distributed algorithms

### Slides and Online Talks

- [Apalache: symbolic model checker for TLA+](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml7d_3vlH88).
  Extended version of the talk at TLA+ tutorial, co-located with DISC 2021
  (October 2021).

- [How TLA+ and Apalache Helped Us to Design the Tendermint Light Client](https://www.crowdcast.io/e/interchain-conversations-II/38).
    Interchain Conversations 2020 (December 2020).

- [Model-based testing with TLA+ and Apalache](https://youtu.be/aveoIMphzW8), with Andrey Kupriyanov.
  TLA+ Community Event 2020 (October 2020).

- [Type inference for TLA+ in Apalache](https://youtu.be/hnp25hmCMN8), with Jure Kukovec.
  TLA+ Community Event 2020 (October 2020).

- [Formal Spec and Model Checking of the Tendermint Blockchain Synchronization Protocol](https://youtu.be/h2Ovc1KWlXM)
  2nd Workshop on Formal Methods for Blockchains (July 2020).

 * Tutorial at DISCOTEC/FORTE 2020,
    [pdfs + video](https://www.discotec.org/2020/tutorials#parameterized-verification-with-byzantine-model-checker)

 * Tutorial at VMCAI Winter School 2020, [pdf](./talks/konnov-vmcai20-school.pdf)

### Conferences

 * Co-Chair of [CONCUR 2020](https://concur2020.forsyte.at/) with
 [Laura Kovacs](https://informatics.tuwien.ac.at/people/laura-kovacs)

### Publications

 * See my publications at [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6629-3377),
    [dblp](https://dblp.org/pers/hd/k/Konnov_0001:Igor),
    [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.at/citations?user=K6OSiNYAAAAJ&hl=en),
    or [Veridis page](https://team.inria.fr/veridis/konnov/papers/) 
 * [Habilitation thesis](./doc/konnov-habil19.pdf) submitted to
    the [Faculty of Inforfmatics](https://informatics.tuwien.ac.at/)
    of [TU Wien](https://tuwien.at) in 2018,
    defended in October 2019.

### PhD students

 * [Jure Kukovec](https://forsyte.at/people/kukovec/)
 * [Thanh-Hai Tran](https://forsyte.at/people/tran/)

### Alumni

 * [Dr. Marijana Lazić](https://www7.in.tum.de/~lazic/)
 
### Academic and non-academic profiles:

 * [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6629-3377)
 * [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.at/citations?user=K6OSiNYAAAAJ&hl=en)
 * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/igor-konnov-7683241/)
 * [DBLP](https://dblp.org/pers/hd/k/Konnov_0001:Igor)
 * [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Igor_Konnov2)

### CV

[Curriculum Vitae](/doc/konnov-cv.pdf), December 2020
